fix: era focus and zkevm (#397)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/20.zksync-protocol/00.rollup/20.blocks.md

---
title: Blocks and batches
description: Explore how ZKsync Chains processes transactions by grouping them into blocks and batches, the role of sealing blocks, and the importance of rollbacks in the virtual machine.
---

## Overview of blocks and batches

ZKsync Chains process transactions not only as individual units but also groups them into blocks and batches for efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
This section covers how transactions are grouped, the concept of sealing blocks, and why rollbacks are crucial in our virtual machine (VM).

### Understanding L2 and L1 blocks

> **L2 blocks**, also referred to as miniblocks, are specific to a ZKsync Chain network and are not recorded on the Ethereum blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**L2 blocks**, also referred to as miniblocks, are specific to ZKsync Chains and are not recorded on the Ethereum blockchain.
```
